Instructor: In all of the scenarios
and videos we've done so far, we would lose our connection
to the target computer
as soon as the target person restarts their computer
because we used a normal backdoor,
and once they restart their computer,
our backdoor will be terminated,
the process will be terminated and will lose the connection.
So in today's lecture we're going to talk about methods
that will allow us to maintain our access
to the target computer,
so that we can come back at any time
and regain our full control over that computer.
So there's a number of methods to do that.
The first one is using veil-evasion.
We can use instead of the normal backdoor,
the HTTP backdoor that we created.
You can use a HTTP service or a TCP service.
So I'll actually show you here.
If I just run veil-evasion and do a list,
you'll see that we have at number seven right here.
And at number five we have service back doors.
So you can use any of them, if I do use five,
and we can see the info.
All you have to do is just set up your LHOST,
put the LHOSTS and then generate the backdoor.
And once you generate it, you can use it
and combine it with other stuff
and send it to the target person, like we did,
or you can upload it using the upload command
that we learned and then execute it.
And that will install the backdoor
as a service on the target computer.
So then all you need to do is use the multi handler
and anytime the target computer starts,
it'll try to connect back to you
because this is a reverse shell.
Now, I'm not gonna be explaining this method
because this method is very simple.
We've done something very similar to it before.
We created backdoor using veil-evasion,
and we uploaded stuff to the direct computer.
So all you have to do is create the backdoor, upload it,
execute it, and you're done.
Also, it doesn't always work,
so that's why I'm not gonna be explaining it.
The normal back doors are much more reliable.
That's why I used a normal backdoor
when I was combining it with stuff
and changing its icon and all that.
So what we're going to do is
we're going to use our backdoor,
the normal HTTP reverse interpreter backdoor
that we created in the first video
when we created an undetectable backdoor.
We're gonna use that and inject that as a service
so that it runs every time
the target person runs their computer
and tries to connect back to us
every certain amount of time.
So to do this, I'm going to background the current session.
So we've seen that before.
You can do background and I can still interact with
that session on number one.
And I'm going to use a module.
So this is like the multi handler module
that comes in with meta exploit
and it's called exploit/windows/local/persistence.
Then I'm gonna show its options
to see what we need to configure.
So the first thing is the amount of seconds
that the target will try to connect back to us.
So the interval.
And I'm gonna keep that to 10 seconds.
So every 10 seconds the target computer
will try to connect back to me.
Now, the EXE name is the name
that will show up under the processes
where the connection is coming back from.
So I'm gonna set that to browser
to make it less detectable.
So we're gonna set the EXE name to browser.exe
and then the path where the payload
or the backdoor will be installed,
I'll leave that the same.
I'll leave the reg name, the registry entry the same.
Now, this is very important.
You need to specify which session to run this exploit on.
And as you can see now, we were using session number one.
That's our interpreter session.
And if I do sessions l,
it'll list all the available sessions
and we can see that it's ID number one.
So what we need to do is we need to set our session here
to number one.
So I'm gonna do set session to one
and the startup, we're gonna leave it
for the user person for the user privileges.
Now, let's show the options.
So browser and the session number one, that's all good.
Now, we need to specify the payload
that will be injected as a service.
So to do that we're going to do a show advanced.
So show advanced will show you advanced options
that you can set up for this particular module.
So when I run this, you'll see I'll get
so much more options.
And the one that we're interested in is this one.
So it's called EXE custom, which means that we're going
to use a custom EXE to run
and inject into the target computer as a service.
So I'm gonna set my EXE custom
to var/www/html/backdoor.exe.
As you remember,
I had that stored in var/www/html/backdoor.exe.
So I'm gonna hit enter
and I'm just gonna do show advanced again to make sure
that it was set up properly,
because sometimes I misspell things.
And it's var/www/html/backdoor.exe.
So that's perfect.
Everything is good to go.
I'm gonna exploit this
and that will upload var/www/html/backdoor.exe
on the target computer using the session that we specified,
session number one.
As you can see now, it's been uploaded and installed.
And one important thing that you need
to keep in mind is this resource file,
because you can use this to clean up
and delete the back door once you're done.
So if you don't want the backdoor
anymore on the target computer,
you can use this file to delete that backdoor.
So I'm gonna start that in a leaf pad here
so that I can run it and delete my backdoor
if I wanted to delete it anytime in the future.
If I do sessions L, I still have my session here.
So what I'm going to do is
I'm actually gonna kill that session.
I'm gonna kill all my sessions.
And now if I list, I have no connections
with the target computer, as you can see.
And I'm going to go
to use my exploit multi handler.
I can listen for incoming connections
and everything is configured correctly already on this.
So I have my right port and my right IP.
Now, if I exploit this right now,
I'll get a connection straight away
because my backdoor has been injected
into the target computer on port 8080 on reverse HTTP.
But I'm not gonna do that now.
I'm actually gonna restart the target computer
just to show you that
I'll always have connection now with this computer.
So I'm just gonna do a normal restart.
So this computer will basically try to
connect back to me every 10 seconds.
No matter how many times they restart it, they shut it down,
every time this computer is running,
it'll try to connect back to me in every 10 seconds.
So all I have to do is run my interpreter handler
and wait for connections.
Now, this computer is running, as you can see.
It doesn't have to be at the startup when I'm listening,
and I'm just gonna do exploit to listen.
And it'll take a maximum of 10 seconds
to get a connection back.
And as you can see, I got a connection
to the target computer, I can do sysinfo,
and run all the commands that we learned so far
and have full access on that computer.